the film opens with a song and dance
number as rain pours on in the streets
this movie was actually adapted from a
musical we made our protagonist seymour
he's a bit of a klutz we overhear on the
radio that a mysterious solar eclipse
has recently occurred
the other employee audrey greets seymour
as he clumsily shatters some pots
audrey's a peculiar woman
and by the looks of her black eye has a
jerk of a boyfriend we're treated to a
musical montage of skid row
the ghetto where their shop resides it's
uh charming to say the least
it's a hard knock lie for little old
seymour despite his best efforts
it seems there's no way out for him or
anyone else for that matter business is
awfully slow and mr mushnik the shop
owner
decides that the juice just ain't worth
the squeeze anymore he tells seymour and
andre to not even bother coming in
tomorrow but they both beg him to
reconsider
seymour suggests taking the shop in a
new direction and audrey elaborates that
seymour has been working on some very
unusual plants
that could garner a lot of attention
seymour shows off a new plan he found
some sort of fly trap but when he
couldn't identify in his numerous books
he christens it audrey too jeez all
right
mr mushnik is less than swayed angrily
asserting that just because you put up a
strange and interesting plan on display
people don't
suddenly excuse me i couldn't help
noticing that strange and interesting
plant
oh okay the man inquires as to where
seymour found the peculiar plant
you see he was doing his daily search
for exotic plants at the local flower
market when suddenly
a total solar eclipse spiced things up
he could have sworn the plant wasn't
there before but bought it anyway
the man is inspired to buy 100 worth of
roses and soon after
the store is inundated with customer
after customer mr mushnik proposes a
celebratory dinner but audrey declines
she has a date with her good-for-nothing
boyfriend seymour is left at the shop to
care for the weekend andre too the
audrey too is not a healthy girl
strictly between us neither is the other
one he sings to it in despair as nothing
seems to work
neither sunshine nor water nor miracle
grow that is
until seymour accidentally cuts himself
on a rose thorn audrey ii begins to
purse its lips
[Music]
and chops at the sight of seymour's
finger
he appeases it with a few drops of his
tasty blood audrey too
answers his prayers look at that thing
grow seymour suits with andre 2 in the
waiting room of a radio show
weird world they're shining the
spotlight on interesting people and
their wacky items
audrey 2 takes interest in a
particularly round behind
a comically short interview takes place
as andre and mr mushnik listen on
audrey's arm is in a makeshift cast as
she leaves three loitering girls
confront her about her poor taste in men
suggesting she swap out for seymour
instead she thinks it over at home
i know
she even fantasizes about the easy
carefree life they could have
how adorable seymour is seen tirelessly
feeding the voraciously hungry audrey
too
it's now ballooned to the size of a
person and business is booming
audrey suggests seymour do something
nice for himself like buy new clothes
not that he's having so much success she
even offers to help him shop
but not tonight she's got a date with
that jerk oh
there he is his name's oren what a bad
boy you know
he really picked the perfect profession
for a guy that likes to cause pan
later at night seymour hears ominous
laughing outside before oren literally
flies in on his motorcycle
he torments seymour on his way to pick
up audrey for their day before the
madman
drives off he leaves seymour a business
card seymour seeks comfort from audrey
too
who he now affectionately calls tui just
before he closes up for the night
tui slumps over in need of nourishment
but seymour has given all he has to give
suddenly tui speaks feed me
now tui comes to life moving around like
a person while begging seymour for food
his distress grows as he learns he must
feed it blood fresh blood
human blood seymour is hesitant i don't
know anyone who deserves
to get chopped up and fed to a hungry
plant
[Music]
seymour is quick to change his mind in
light of the new revelation
we cut to orange dentist office as one
inexplicably giddy patient anxiously
awaits his turn to be tormented
oren is dismayed to find that this
patient is actually enjoying the torture
session
so he demands he leaves immediately
seymour is up next having arrived during
that session
oren's got some serious steam to blow
off he prepares to inflict some pain on
seymour
taking out a clunky old dentist drill he
decides he wants to really savor this
moment
so he dons a homemade contraption that
lets him breathe in laughing gas
he begins to laugh hysterically as
seymour gets up and pulls a gun on him
oren tries to turn off the gas but ends
up breaking the valve leaving him to
asphyxiate
seymour carefully and quietly carries
off oren's corpse
before chopping it up into delightful
little chunks mr mushnik witnesses the
butchering
and tui enjoys the succulent meal the
next day cops are seen questioning
audrey
she's in tears so seymour consoles her
audrey is distraught but recognizes that
this was
a good thing a miracle even seymour
tells audrey she deserves better but she
disagrees
citing her troubled past working the
corners seymour unshackles her from her
self-doubt
the past is the past he says they joined
forces in musical harmony before sharing
a passionate kiss
later at night seymour rest satisfied in
bed mr mushnik abruptly emerges from the
shadows
spooking seymour he reveals that he saw
what happened to oren and holds seymour
at gunpoint
they walk up the stairs on the way to
the police as tui declares it to be
suffer time
[Music]
before exiting the store mr mushnik
offers seymour take it out of town if he
just hands the plan over
and teaches him how to care for it tui's
mouth opens wide as seymour backs mr
mushnik up
closer and closer until
chop chop tui swallows him up whole
seymour becomes an overnight success
with businesses flocking at the
opportunity to work with him
he's been offered lecturing tours the
front page of a magazine and his very
own tv
show unfortunately for seymour the fame
is suffocating
he can hardly enter the store these days
during the filming of a tv segment
tui collapses from hunger of course
feeding the plant in front of all these
people
isn't exactly feasible so seymour kicks
them out audrey follows seymour into an
alley where he's seen talking to himself
about his heinous deeds
she's concerned about him seymour
reassures her that he's okay and that
they're gonna run away from all this
craziness and build a beautiful life
together
he asks her for her hand in marriage
right then and there she accepts
later at night seymour packs his things
and attempts to sneak out the shop
tui awakens begging to be fed but
seymour refuses
he can no longer live with the guilt
seymour compromises and heads to the
deli to get some animal meat
after seymour leaves tui gets an awfully
bright idea the plant latches onto the
desk and pulls with all its might
reaching over to the register to snag a
coin it flashes a mischievous smile
before dialing a number on the phone
audrey picks up initially mistaking it
for seymour tui reveals his identity
as audrey watches the plant laugh from
across the street audrey walks her tasty
self over to the shop
until he snatches her up and takes a
bite seymour dashes in and pulls her out
but she's been fatally wounded
they both run away outside and say their
final words to each other audrey makes
peace with her fate
concluding that she'll always be with
seymour by becoming part of the plant
audrey dies and seymour carries her
corpse to its final resting place
tui's belly she's slowly swallowed whole
a devastated seymour runs out and climbs
up to the top of the building to take
his own life
a salesman appears behind him revealing
that he clipped off a part of tui
and grew it into a new plan him and his
marketing team have packaged it and
intend to sell it worldwide
with or without his participation
realizing the disaster this could bring
seymour declines and runs back to the
shop he confronts tui and a battle
ensues as two emerges from its pot
seymour aims and takes fire with the
revolver to no effect
tui in its offspring sing away as he
more desperately tries to defeat the
giant
but it's no use tui has become too
powerful
it grabs seymour and swallows him whole
he'll just burst out
right unfortunately no
in the events following a consumer
frenzy ensues as hordes of customers
flock to the stores to buy their very
own audrey twos
you can imagine what follows it's not
long before the alien race of man-eating
plants has taken over
they roam the streets snatching up
humans and have even grown to the size
of bridges
humans are no match for the thorny foe
not even the ones watching this movie
fun note this is the original ending of
the movie but the theatrical release cc
more prevailing
he saves audrey and electrocutes tooie
to death
they live happily ever after but a small
spawn of two week grows in their garden
which ending do you prefer
thanks for watching everyone hope you
enjoyed this video if you liked it
please uh go ahead and like comment
subscribe
really helps us out